1. Next

BD CORROSHIELD RCR
Single Component Pre-Packed Rust Convertor/ Remover
Available Package Size	Rate
300 ml	250
500 ml	400
Coverage Area
30 - 35 rft / 500 ml in single coats, depends upon the rods dia.

Features
icon Converts rust in rod to iron.
icon Suitable for damaged concrete areas.

Area of Application
Column, roof, beam and all types of steel Surfaces.


Description
CORROSHIELD RCR is a triple action chemical degreasing nature, Destroys and
forms a light phosphate coating on the surface of the metal. This liquid can be
applied to corroded reinforcing steel and other steel surfaces

video : https://youtu.be/YMxCTdh1XTI?si=LoJZI1k2gS_sHLPS

2. Next 

BD CRACKSTOP FIBRE
Fibre Reinforcement for Concrete and Mortar
Available Package Size	Rate
6 mm	110
12 mm	110
Coverage Area
Add to concrete / mortar during mixing at 125gms per bag of cement

Features
icon Used to prevent hairline cracking.

Area of Application
Crack stop fiber - Can be used in plastering, concrete, chips Screeding compound etc.


Description
BD CRACKSTOP FIBRE is a high performance micro polypropylene fibre developed
as a crack controlling additive for cementitious materials. It is available as
monofilament 6mm in length for plaster and mortar

video : https://youtu.be/NpcpUP8KHi8?si=SQSiK0x0s_sDQqaT

3. Next
BD CRACKSTOP MESH
Glass fibre mesh for construction joints
Availabe Package Size	Rate
4 inch	480
6 inch	610
Coverage Area
3 Rft / Mtr

Features
icon Reduces plastic shrinkage cracking
icon Improves impact, deformation and abrasion resistance.
icon Increases lifespan.
icon Promotes regular bleeding and reduces bleeding water.
icon Prevents and controls the formation of intrinsic cracks
icon In concrete Increases unity and reduces separation.

Area of Application
Construction joints
Different surface joints
Minor cracks
Alternate for chicken mesh


Description
BD CRACKSTOP MESH is made of glass fiber for high mechanical strength Order to strengthen gypsum plaster.

How does it Wo


Video : https://youtube.com/shorts/nuSznkwfOgU?si=mG5aFVH6CFfnbSYA