1.Next
BD INSTANT STOP
Fast setting plugging compound.\n
Available Package Size	Rate
1 kg	165
Coverage Area
\nDepends upon hole size
Features
icon Used to prevent immediate water leakage.

Area of Application
Water tanks, swimming pool, lower decks

Description
BD INSTANT STOP is a single part fast setting hydraulic compound that instantly stops flowing water and seepage through concrete and masonry surfaces

Video : https://youtube.com/shorts/f1dBlcX35Rs?si=3MFAusahGsxQpDsd

2.Next 
BD WALL SHIELD
Water-based high-performance acrylic protective and decorative coating.\n
Available Package Size	Rate
5 kg	2600
20 kg	9800
Coverage Area
30-40 sq.ft / kg/ coat to give a DFT between 100 - 150
microns depending on the substrate texture.

Features
icon Protective barrier against chloride ions, carbon dioxide and water.
icon Durable - highly resistant to UV rays and weathering.
icon Non-toxic/non-flammable.
icon Anti-fungus forms a flexible film.

Area of Application
Retaining walls.
Bridge abutments.
External concrete of storage tanks.
Multistory buildings and villas.
Pre-cast elements and concrete cladding.


Description
BD WALL SHIELD is a ready-for-use,single-component, acrylic-based coating for external and internal applications over a variety of concrete and masonry substrates. BD WALL SHIELD exhibits excellent long-term weathering and UV
resistance

Video : https://youtu.be/2gRqJT3j8k0

3.Next 
BD GARDEN GUARD
Waterproofing Coating for Garden Area.
Available Package Size	Rate
5 kg	3350
25 kg	11850
Coverage Area
25 to 30 sq. ft / per kg in single coats, depending upon the porosity of Substrate surface.
Features
icon Waterproofing
icon Soil Corrosion Resistance
icon UV Resistance and plant roof Resistance

Area of Application
Waterproofing and Protection of :
Balcony Garden
Terrace Garden
Plant Tank
Interior and Exterior

Description
BD GARDEN GUARD is available in two types of Waterproofing.
One for Internal Waterproofing and another one for external waterproofing.
video: https://youtube.com/shorts/zbvdpKuYZNw?si=mCH6MUKJNsh_WiSc