1. Next product

 BD DAMPSTOP XW
A Rising Damp Proofing for Wet walls
Available Package Size	Rate
1 Lit	680
5 Lit	3100
Coverage Area
 Depend upon the penetration and porosity
Features
icon Low viscosity allowing for high penetration
icon Non staining
icon Reduces water and chloride intrusion
icon Increases freeze thaw resistance
icon Minimizes efflorescence
icon Penetrates deeply into wet brick masonry walls

Area of Application
 Rising Damped brick work Area at Wet condition Brick also

Description
BD DAMPSTOP XW is a ready for use, single component, which has been specifically formulated to penetrate into well walls, water repellent coating rising dampness wet walls which permanently stops rising damp.

video : https://youtu.be/rUNM-IWmhxA

2.Next product 

Aqua seal P
A range of epoxy resin based primer for tile surface
Available Package Size	Rate
1 kg	1320
Coverage Area
50-60 sq.ft / Kg depend upon the porosity of substrate
Features
icon Used over the tiles in the tank
icon This bd aqua seal p is used as a primer for applying the bd aqua seal tank guard.

Area of Application
Water Tank, Sump, All type of closed water storage area

Description
BD AQUASEAL P is a clear high performance primer designed to improve Adhesion of various types of BUILDING DOCTOR epoxy range including Coatings, self-smoothing and trowel applied products. The products are Available, a solvent free primer ""BD AQUA SEAL P

video :  https://youtu.be/82ytb0VrCSY

3. Next product 

BD CONCRETE POWER
Integral waterproofing admixture for concrete
Available Package Size	Rate
1 lit	207
5 lit	838
20 lit	2970
Coverage Area
Add to concrete during mixing at 200 – 250 ml per bag
Features
icon Improves durability by minimizing penetration of moisture and water based chemicals.
icon No additional water into dry or semi-dry mixes.
icon Reduces efflorescence and pigment leaching from cement mortars.
icon Chloride free.
icon Improves plasticity cohesion.
icon Better compaction and finishing.

Area of Application
CONCRETE POWER is a waterproofing admixture for use in all cement
based screeds and concrete


Description
CONCRETE POWER is Liquid waterproofing admixture for concrete and mortar formulated from selected polymers specially designed to reduce water permeability by reducing capillary voids, which will last for the life of the concrete and mortar.

Video : https://youtu.be/5V457Zj8-C4